LD 1365 
I am writing today in support of LD 1365. 
Voting is the most important right that we 
have yet it is not protected. True when you 
register to vote you have to show you 
picture ID. But when you go to cast your 
ballot you don’t have to and that is where 
our vote needs to be protected. Your name 
may be on the voter rolls and all I have to 
do is state your name and address in order 
for me to vote under your name, and when 
you go to go vote you will be told that you 
have already voted.  
It amazes me that you need to show an idea 
to go to a school dance;, cash a check, get 
your drivers license, get your passport and 
so many other things. 
What you do speaks so loud that what you 
say I cannot hear, it’s time to step up to the 
plate and secure more ballots you all know 
that you need to vote for photo id for 
voting .As a representative of the people I 
am asking you to vote should pass on LD 
1365 
Thank you 
Andre beausoleil 
sanford 
andre beausoleil
Sanford
LD 1365
attached my testimony on LD 1365
