Courtney  Evans
South Portland 
LD 1964
I have two young children under 3 years old and I can testify to the importance of 
paid family leave for every family. I am fortunate to have had 4 weeks paid parental 
leave through my work but even this is woefully insufficient in the face of what 
challenges young families are facing. For my first child, it took 8 months to find a 
daycare spot for her. This past winter, my children and really everyone’s children 
were ill in a continuous loop. Were it not for a supportive boss, who also has a young 
child, my position would certainly have been in jeopardy for all the missed work 
days. So we were in the position of needing to pay for childcare and losing income 
from calling out of work. 
These years have been incredibly difficult even though my family is privileged to 
have some paid leave and are comfortable financially. I have thought to myself 
countless times, how is this possible for families who are not so lucky. In the most 
ideal postpartum experience, one needs those weeks to recover from labor as well as 
bond with and adjust to life with a new baby. So many of us are not blessed with a 
perfect pregnancy and delivery experience. My son’s birth was traumatic and resulted 
in an emergency cesarean birth. I suffered from postpartum depression. I’m fortunate 
that I didn’t lose my job or my financial security because of these struggles. Every 
family should have that safety net. 6 months after I gave birth, my company decided 
without warning, they would discontinue their Paid Parental Leave policy. This 
callous whim left many of my pregnant nursing colleagues in an incredibly stressful 
situation. We owe young families more than this. We owe them guaranteed, sufficient
time to go through this dramatic transition. 
