131st Maine Legislature 
Legislative Document No. 874, An Act to Address the Shortage of Direct 
Care Workers for Children with Disabilities in Maine (EMERGENCY) 
Public Hearing, 1:00 pm, March 29, 2023 
 
To Senator Baldacci and Members of the Committee on Health and Human 
Services 
 
Thank you for reading this and taking the time to consider the merits of 
LD 874. 
 
My name is Barbara Clement. I live in Brooks, Maine. I am the grandmother 
of James Dole, one of the sweetest 7 year-olds you could ever meet. He 
never judges, though others may make judgements about him. He often brings 
out the best in others. People care about him. People, even those closest 
to him, may not always understand what his vocalizations mean: happiness, 
excitement, playfulness or simply communication that he is bored, hungry, 
or wet. Because of his genetic anomaly, he cannot do a number of typical 7 
year-old things like talk, walk, run, feed or dress himself, or even get 
out of bed by himself. He also needs daily nursing care and it is not 
allowed or safe for him to attend school or childcare without a nurse 
caregiver with him. But, he is a truly precious and a totally amazing boy 
who, with supports, is learning something new every day. He is deeply 
loved, respected and supported by his family and by the larger community, 
some of whom are here today. 
 
Frequently, nursing and other services have been unavailable to James, as 
care providers leave and new ones need to be hired, often leaving long and 
large gaps in care. His mother, my daughter Andrea, has been unable to 
work outside of the home to help provide for her family, due to his many 
daily needs, his medical appointments, coordinating his care, overseeing 
his lengthy recovery from surgeries, filling in for and/or training new 
direct care providers, and so on. Residential care, if it could even be 
found in the State of Maine, could theoretically provide respite from the 
exhaustion of caring for James. However, no one in the family - mom, dad, 
and his 5 year-old sibling - would accept this for James. Additionally, 
the cost would likely far exceed that for in-home personal care services, 
even when there is no ongoing shortage of available in-home workers. 
 
I expect a number of home health care agencies will be testifying to the 
difficulty in hiring and keeping staff on a consistent basis for all the 
families that they serve. I can personally attest to this ongoing need. 
 
Consistency for these disabled (differently-abled) kids is provided by 
their parents, the same parents who will pick up the gaps in the staffing 
shortages themselves and train the next new person as and when needed. 
Parents of kids with disabilities are all too often not seen or 
appreciated for the work that they do each and every day. Letâ€™s thank and 
offer some respect to these amazing parents by offering them reasonable 
reimbursement for providing their children the critical services for which 
their children are eligible. Thank you. 
 
