Trevor  St Pierre 
Augusta
LD 1929
My personal experiences with contractors were su mitted under my wife's name. I am 
submitting my experience and what I had to do to take matters into my own hands due
to an overloaded AG office and no consumer protection for people that are victims of 
fraud. I feel the people of Maine have been left in the dark. It's not new news that 
there are a lot of mainers that have been taken advantage of by contractors. I created a
social media site on Facebook called Maine Consumer Beware. There are hundreds of
Mainers that have shared their negative experiences. These people's homes have been 
left in unsafe conditions. They have lost thousand and thousands of dollars and they 
have no where to turn but to spread the word to other mainers. It's easy to say to 
someone to file a complaint with the attorney General but we all know that doesn't do 
much. People cam go to court and get judgments and never see a dime back. The 
current participant count in the group is approaching 2000 and it has many contractors
in the group that support this bill. You, our elected officials have a chance to show 
that your listening and that you don't want this out of control rat race of fraud to 
continue. It's time to take a step forward. I generally don't support government 
oversight on much but when thi gs effect innocent people negatively then I believe 
that's when there needs to be someone that steps in to help. That would be you. I 
really wish I was able to share everyone's story here. Or if you were able to view the 
complaints on our oage as the pictures people provide as proof tell the story very 
clearly. Not supporting this bill will just sweep the hard working people under the rug
and left fending for themselves. 
